Add assetNamesFilter option (#927)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-dev: packages/ckeditor5-dev-translations/README.md

When set to `true`, the `getPluralForm()` function (if exists for the specified language) will not be added into the bundle file. Defaults to `false`.

### `assetNamesFilter`

> A function to filter assets probably importing CKEditor modules. Potential performance boost for applications with many webpack entrypoints. Defaults to `name => name.endsWith( '.js' )`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function to filter assets importing CKEditor 5 modules. Potential performance boost for applications with many webpack entry points. It allows disabling the `CKEditorTranslationsPlugin` plugin for an entry point not containing imports CKEditor 5 modules. Defaults to `name => name.endsWith( '.js' )`.
```
